
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 2694497000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 211941                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 710480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   211944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              129004360                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4426764                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4426845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.002694                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2694497000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            33.573854                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                    791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                2356                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted             4354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                18                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups           1271                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses            1253                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                   6281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          578                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu0.bt.discartedCfgs                      365                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu0.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu0.bt.endSpeculation                     167                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu0.bt.endUnknownInst                     186                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu0.bt.insts::samples                     285                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::mean                  21.722807                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::stdev                 12.893538                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::4                            12      4.21%      4.21% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::5                             7      2.46%      6.67% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::6                             8      2.81%      9.47% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::7                             7      2.46%     11.93% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::8                             7      2.46%     14.39% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::9                             5      1.75%     16.14% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::10                           10      3.51%     19.65% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::11                           14      4.91%     24.56% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::12                            5      1.75%     26.32% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::13                            6      2.11%     28.42% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::14                            8      2.81%     31.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::15                            8      2.81%     34.04% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::16                           13      4.56%     38.60% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::17                           15      5.26%     43.86% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::18                            9      3.16%     47.02% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::19                            7      2.46%     49.47% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::20                            6      2.11%     51.58% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::21                            5      1.75%     53.33% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::22                            7      2.46%     55.79% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::23                           11      3.86%     59.65% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::24                            8      2.81%     62.46% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::25                            8      2.81%     65.26% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::26                           11      3.86%     69.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::27                            6      2.11%     71.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::28                           11      3.86%     75.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::29                           11      3.86%     78.95% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::30                            3      1.05%     80.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::31                           12      4.21%     84.21% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::32                            4      1.40%     85.61% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::overflows                    41     14.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::max_value                    86                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::total                       285                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::samples                       285                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::mean                     2.509912                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.818709                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::1                              80     28.07%     28.07% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::2                             133     46.67%     74.74% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::3                              47     16.49%     91.23% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::4                              24      8.42%     99.65% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::5                               1      0.35%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::min_value                       1                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::max_value                       5                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::total                         285                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.commit.amos                            38                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.number             913                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples         3326                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean     4.492784                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     4.238361                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4         2282     68.61%     68.61% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9          721     21.68%     90.29% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14          187      5.62%     95.91% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19           90      2.71%     98.62% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24           33      0.99%     99.61% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           10      0.30%     99.91% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%     99.91% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            1      0.03%     99.94% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%     99.94% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            1      0.03%     99.97% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%     99.97% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            1      0.03%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           63                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::total         3326                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks         3326                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples         3326                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66388            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66466            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66468            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66488            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66508            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66532            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66546            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66552            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66612            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66616            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66656            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66756            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66772            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66794            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66808            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66818            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66838            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67020            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67046            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67120            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67144            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67148            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67154            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67164            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67196            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67202            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67210            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67242            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67282            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68046            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68072            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68078            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68082            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68092            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68098            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68112            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68134            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68156            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70400            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70418            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70432            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71148            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71198            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71202            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71220            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71294            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71340            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71382            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71396            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71402            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71408            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71636            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71644            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71658            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71746            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71806            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71816            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71850            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71866            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71872            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71880            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71892            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::71928            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72176            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72190            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72196            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72202            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72294            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72382            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72404            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72412            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72436            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72452            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72456            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72484            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72502            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72510            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72578            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72590            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72602            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72608            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72616            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72634            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72660            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72710            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72810            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72818            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73866            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73874            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73882            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73922            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73926            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73936            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73944            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73952            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73958            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73960            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73970            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73990            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73996            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74004            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74018            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74024            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75330            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75342            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75358            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75368            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75374            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75378            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75384            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77694            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77704            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77714            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77720            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77738            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77742            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77928            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::78932            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::78948            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::78964            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::78966            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::78982            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::78998            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79004            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79010            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79020            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79054            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79058            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79082            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79088            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79094            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79102            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80626            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80748           15                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80758            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80784            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80814            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80854            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80874            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80920            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80934            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80956            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80986            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80996            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81036            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81446            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81460            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81480            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81504            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81516            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81526            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81626            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81670            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81710            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81722            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81726            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81734            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81738            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81830            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81840            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81844            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81944            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81956            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81982            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82006            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82008            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82038            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82120            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82124            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82128            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82142            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82494            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82498            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82504            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82618            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82766            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82786            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82790            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82888            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82938            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82956            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82962            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::82990            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83008            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83014            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83032            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83084            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83088            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96976            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98702            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98726            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98734            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98836            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98858            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98862            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::98966            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99002            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99016            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99028            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99042            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99054            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99064            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99068            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99088            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99108            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99112            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99142            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99154            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99174            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99190            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99216            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99222            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99226            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99232            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99276            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99354            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99392            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100922            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100958            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107832            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107896            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107900            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107912            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107924            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107946            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107968            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107980            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110432            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110452            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110476            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110480            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110484            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110492            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110534            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110548            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111528           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111548           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111582            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111612            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111622            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111628            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111644            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111656            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111662           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111682           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111692           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111700           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111712           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111714           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111718           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111728            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111748           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111754           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111762           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111776           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111840           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111860            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112306            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112312            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112324            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113646            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113656            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113680            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113682            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113802            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113988            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::114036            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::114090            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116970            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117016            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117022            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117028            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117070            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117090            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117326            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117338            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117960            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118098            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118124            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118180            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118222            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118244            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118260            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118266            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118282            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118314            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118334            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118362            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118508            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118536            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118544            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118568            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118578            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118586            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118592            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118596            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118606            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118616            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118622            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118642            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118674            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118682            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118686            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118690            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118700            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118740            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118832            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121460          126                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121470            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123444            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123902            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124286            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124330            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124336            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124344            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124360            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124392            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124408            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124440            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124472            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124488            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124542            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129514            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129552            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129570            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129766            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129780            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::129796            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130154            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130196            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130210            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130220            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130228            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130274            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130282            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130306            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130314            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130328            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130336            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130346            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::130624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131062            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131098            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131112            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131120            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131132            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131140            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131196            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131254            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131270            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131290            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131522            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131744            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131864            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131872            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131904            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132286            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132318            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132650            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132758           21                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132776           29                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132788            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133060            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133148            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133434            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133458            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133502            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134020            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134052            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134058            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134062            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134072            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134094            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136898            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136906            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136930            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136936            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136948            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136954            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136960            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136970            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136976            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136982            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136990            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136994            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137012            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137022            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137042            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137056            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137090            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137096            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137100            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137112            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137118            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137146            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137244            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137290            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137302            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138694            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138726            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138734            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138742            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138748            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138754            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138764            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138770            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138776            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138822            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138830            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138834            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138844            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138850            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138854            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138856            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138874            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138896            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138978            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138986            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138990            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138998            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139112            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139186            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139194            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141072            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141080            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141086            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141096            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141106            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141108           15                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141110           15                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141118           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141126            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141128            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141172            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141208            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141216            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141218            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141226            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141228            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141236            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141238            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141246            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141248            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141256            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141258            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141266            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141268            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141276            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141288            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141292            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141296            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141304            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141308            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142036            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142044            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142054            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142074            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142084            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142090            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142096            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142102            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142116            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142118            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142156            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142162            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145356            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145364            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145370            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145372            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145380           92                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145390            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145392            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145394            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145438            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145496            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145512            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145524            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145526           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145538           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145648           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145660           15                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145666           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145674           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145686           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145690           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145694           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145710           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145728            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145730           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145736           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145752           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145792            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145876            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146856           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146866            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146874            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146878            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146886            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146888           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146896            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146940            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146976            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146984            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146986            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146996            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146998            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147010            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147012            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147024            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147026            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147038            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147040            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147052            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147054            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147066            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147068            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147082            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147086           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::148366            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149528            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149560            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149574            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149584            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149608            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149614            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150922            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150950            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150966            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150984            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150990            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150992            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::150996            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151028            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151038            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151054            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151062            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151066            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151080            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151086            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151154            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151162            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151176            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151224            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151238            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154322            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154334            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154346            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154380            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154382            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154384            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154410            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154412            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154540            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154556            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154572            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154578            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154584            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154594            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154628            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154632            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154656            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154662            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154668            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154676            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154766            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154790            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154804            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154836            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154842            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154846            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154872            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154880            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154948            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154954            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159260            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159294            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159332            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159344            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159360            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159392            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159394            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159694            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159840            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159874            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159894            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159930            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159934            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159944            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159950            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159956            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159968            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159974            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160004            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160008            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160020            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160032            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160048            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160112            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160366            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160372            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::160376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161044            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161106            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161166            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161950           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161980           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161982            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::161988            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162002            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162034           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162036            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162070            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162238            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162244            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162260            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162266            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162282            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162290            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162304            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162314            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162334            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162344            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162358            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162368            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162562            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162570            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162588            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162592            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162616            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163182            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163194            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163226            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163238            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163258            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163290            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163302            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163322            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163352            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163368            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163380            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163488            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163502            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163510            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163524            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163740            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163748            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163942            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164060            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164074            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164092            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164108            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164162            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164180            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164184            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164196            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164740            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164778            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164812            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164826            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198006            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198010            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198172            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198180           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198182            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198206            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209296            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209384            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209398            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209406            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209416            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209432            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209450            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209482            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209502            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209506            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209518            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209532            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209550            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209562            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209580            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209616            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209644            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209720            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209768            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209782            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209792            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209798            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209806            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209884            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209896            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209912            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209914            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209978            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210034            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210138            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211140            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211146            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211166            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211178            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211190            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211202            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211214            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211230            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211242            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211356            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211376            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211426            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211542            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211554            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211614            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211628            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211712            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211716            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211732            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211748            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211756            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211768            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211782            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211790            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211806            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212298            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212326            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212654            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212658            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212664            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213254            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213594            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213598            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213628            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213656            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213800            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213844            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214454            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214692            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215096            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215100            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::217460            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::260844            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::260866            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::260872            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::260880            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::260882            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::264948            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::264962            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::265444            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::265462            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278596            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278652            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278670            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278714            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278762            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278780            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278812            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278824            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278848            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::288796            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::288850            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::288910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289228            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289334            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289358            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289382            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289934            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::289970            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::290026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::290056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::290080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293726            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293738            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293746            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293752            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293766            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293774           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293788           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293808            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293918            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293922            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::293938            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::301450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::301494            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341560            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341596            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341644            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341670            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341710            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341934            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341946            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341950            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341964            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341982            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::341996            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342002            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342062            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342084            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342102            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342160            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::342172            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.branches                      3325                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            228                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           4791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts               14889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                 14944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        37169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.402055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.868533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        28312     76.17%     76.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5328     14.33%     90.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1877      5.05%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          746      2.01%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          906      2.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        37169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                    14680                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.loads                         2565                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          112      0.75%      0.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            9641     64.51%     65.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              6      0.04%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              62      0.41%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     65.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           2603     17.42%     83.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          2508     16.78%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total            14944                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.refs                          5123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.committedInsts                      14889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                        14944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgErased                 58                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgReplacement            99                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgsLoaded               873                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgsWritten              284                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu0.config_cache.hit                     9881                       # Number of hits
system.cpu0.config_cache.hitRatio            0.263739                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu0.config_cache.misses                 27584                       # Number of misses
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.082007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.082007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        90000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu0.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.094340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       343000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       343000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.056604                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056604                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         3139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89322.404372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89322.404372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        87910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data         2956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     16346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.058299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data      8791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu0.data           49                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu0.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        32000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        32000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.081633                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081633                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.081633                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081633                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu0.data           38                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu0.data           35                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             35                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.078947                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.078947                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         2471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92518.178788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92518.178788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 108610.050314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108610.050314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     61061998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61061998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.267098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.267098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data          501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     17268998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17268998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.064346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data         5610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91824.434164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91824.434164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100617.752896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100617.752896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data         4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total            4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     77407998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     77407998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.150267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data          584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     26059998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26059998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.046168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         5610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91824.434164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91824.434164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100617.752896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100617.752896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         4767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total           4767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     77407998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     77407998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.150267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.150267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data          584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     26059998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26059998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.046168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.961390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           23259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   189.416097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.184977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.184977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.227539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            23259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          189.416097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               5170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           339000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                 7029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                  232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved                 929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                 24255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                    14724                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                  133                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation           89                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.179074                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal          187                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.336937                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples          497                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     3.816901                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     1.620395                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0           20      4.02%      4.02% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1           46      9.26%     13.28% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2           61     12.27%     25.55% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3           46      9.26%     34.81% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4           29      5.84%     40.64% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5          295     59.36%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total          497                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            2                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu         3454                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch         1754                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load         1363                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store         1375                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses           58                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.104505                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted          497                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext          324                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.651911                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully          290                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec         7948                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec               55                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.110664                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.slower              118                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.237425                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg            555                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss            7                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples             379                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           2.621256                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.879695                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                    81     21.37%     21.37% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                   186     49.08%     70.45% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    70     18.47%     88.92% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     3      0.79%     89.71% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows            39     10.29%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value             1                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             5                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::total               379                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples         2545                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.737525                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     1.691249                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0          793     31.16%     31.16% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1          559     21.96%     53.12% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2          515     20.24%     73.36% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3          202      7.94%     81.30% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4          153      6.01%     87.31% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5          323     12.69%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            5                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total         2545                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples          379                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean   602.751979                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev  8023.229166                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9          154     40.63%     40.63% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19           65     17.15%     57.78% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29           73     19.26%     77.04% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39           31      8.18%     85.22% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           27      7.12%     92.35% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59           13      3.43%     95.78% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            3      0.79%     96.57% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            4      1.06%     97.63% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            2      0.53%     98.15% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            1      0.26%     98.42% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%     98.42% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            6      1.58%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value       115624                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total          379                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation           86                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.728814                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples          118                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.474576                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     0.931058                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10          118    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            6                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total          118                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles       228269                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                       6281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     7111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                        21683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                         27583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   3256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.103345                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf           873                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu0.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation          600                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             15415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches               809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.453839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples             38743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.714168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.968940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   20697     53.42%     53.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11952     30.85%     84.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                    3645      9.41%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1369      3.53%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                    1080      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total               38743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully          267                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         7111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88024.116883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88024.116883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89463.412417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89463.412417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst         6572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     47444999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47444999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.075798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40347999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40347999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.063423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           47                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88024.116883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88024.116883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89463.412417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89463.412417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         6572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            6572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     47444999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47444999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.075798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40347999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40347999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.063423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst         7111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         7111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88024.116883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88024.116883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89463.412417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89463.412417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst         6572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           6572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     47444999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47444999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.075798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40347999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40347999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.063423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            15.636971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           28893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   231.013143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.902395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            28893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          231.013143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               7021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          22034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                    3968                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.293499                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                        5970                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                      2710                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                    211                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 3492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                2945                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts              19736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 3260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts                17838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  232                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              24                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          387                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             9                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                     6198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                        17344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.823814                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                     5106                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.285371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                         17429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                   21790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                  11141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.244978                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.244978                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              141      0.74%      0.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                12503     65.87%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.03%     66.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   71      0.37%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     67.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                3463     18.25%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               2784     14.67%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                 18980                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         56                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002950                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     56    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                 18883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads             76747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            24515                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                     19456                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                    18980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           4791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               12                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        38743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.489895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.817094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              25607     66.09%     66.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               9071     23.41%     89.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               2755      7.11%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                841      2.17%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                469      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          38743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.312289                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples          379                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean    626.477573                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev  8024.142478                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11            31      8.18%      8.18% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15           65     17.15%     25.33% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19           22      5.80%     31.13% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23           21      5.54%     36.68% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27           25      6.60%     43.27% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31           20      5.28%     48.55% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32               4      1.06%     49.60% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows          191     50.40%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            9                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value       115659                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total          379                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads                3492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores               2945                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                     29                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.numCycles                           60777                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  6                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            3                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       877908000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1329251510.698032                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            3    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value    105339000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2412784000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              3                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       60773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   2633724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                     2633721                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   1853                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps                 9370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups                26988                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                 22703                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands              14776                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                    13789                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 2050                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                    5406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups           26976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          3167                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                      640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                       55673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                      41050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS       237435                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu0mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams             2545                       # system.cpu0.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            91.876629                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                 288624                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups              314143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect            75532                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted           289796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups          25414                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses           25414                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                 315378                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25161                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.bt.discartedCfgs                   247836                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu1.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu1.bt.endSpeculation                      73                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu1.bt.endUnknownInst                      49                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu1.bt.insts::samples                     110                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::mean                  21.536364                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::stdev                 12.244210                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::4                             4      3.64%      3.64% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::5                             1      0.91%      4.55% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::6                             2      1.82%      6.36% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::7                             2      1.82%      8.18% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::8                             2      1.82%     10.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::9                             3      2.73%     12.73% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::10                            7      6.36%     19.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::11                            9      8.18%     27.27% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::12                            3      2.73%     30.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::13                            1      0.91%     30.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::14                            2      1.82%     32.73% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::15                            2      1.82%     34.55% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::16                            5      4.55%     39.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::17                            4      3.64%     42.73% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::18                            4      3.64%     46.36% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::19                            4      3.64%     50.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::20                            3      2.73%     52.73% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::21                            4      3.64%     56.36% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::22                            1      0.91%     57.27% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::23                            4      3.64%     60.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::24                            5      4.55%     65.45% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::25                            1      0.91%     66.36% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::26                            3      2.73%     69.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::27                            2      1.82%     70.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::28                            2      1.82%     72.73% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::29                            4      3.64%     76.36% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::30                            3      2.73%     79.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::31                            2      1.82%     80.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::32                            1      0.91%     81.82% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::overflows                    20     18.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::max_value                    70                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::total                       110                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::samples                       110                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::mean                     2.483561                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.747926                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::1                              27     24.55%     24.55% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::2                              54     49.09%     73.64% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::3                              22     20.00%     93.64% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::4                               7      6.36%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::min_value                1.250000                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::max_value                4.666667                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::total                         110                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.commit.amos                            10                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.number             430                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples       314507                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean     4.440038                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     1.775403                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4        75880     24.13%     24.13% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       238550     75.85%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14           48      0.02%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19           18      0.01%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24            5      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29            6      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::total       314507                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks       314507                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples       314507                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66850            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66936            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66972        24999                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66974        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66998        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67004       213358                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67016        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70546            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70602            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70606            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70610            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70640            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70686            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70920            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96976            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100922            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107832            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107946            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110480            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110492            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111528            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111548            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111570            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111612            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111622            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111628            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111644            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111656            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111662            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111682            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111692            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111700            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111712            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111714           13                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111718           13                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111728            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111748            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111754            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111762            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111776            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111818            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111840            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111860            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112306            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112308            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113646            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113656            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113680            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113682            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113690            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113696            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113714            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113720            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113726            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113742            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113746            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113752            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113758            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113788            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113794            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113802            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113916            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116224            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116244            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116250            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116300            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116306            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116334            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116362            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116368            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116526            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116580            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116614            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116616            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116628            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116642            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116646            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116708            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121460          126                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121470            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::121484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122304            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122438            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122462            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122546            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122552            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124590            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124824            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::124984            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125050            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125062            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125308            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125428            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125444            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125558            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125618            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125734            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125740            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125744            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125764            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125786            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125796            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::125806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127136            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127184            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127192            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127232            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::127424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::128324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::128330            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131062            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131098            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131112            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131120            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131132            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131140            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131196            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131214            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131254            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131290            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131522            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131744            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131864            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131872            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131904            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132650            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132758            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132776            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132788            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133060            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133148            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133434            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133458            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134020            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134052            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134058            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134062            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134072            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134076            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134094            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134118            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134128            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134138            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134142            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136898            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136906            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136930            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136948            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136954            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136960            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136970            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136976            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136982            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136990            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136994            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137012            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137022            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137042            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137090            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137096            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137100            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137814            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137824            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137838            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137844            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137848            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137948            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137954            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137960            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145356            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145364            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145370            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145372            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145380           70                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145390            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145392            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145526            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145538            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145648            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145660            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145730            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145736           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145752            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146856            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146866            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146874            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146878           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146886           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146888           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146896            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146976            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146984            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146986            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146996            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146998            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147012            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147024            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147038            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147052            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147054            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147068            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147086            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149200            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149202            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149220            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149528            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149560            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149574            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151154            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151162            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151200            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151214            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151224            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151238            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151248            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151262            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154410            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154540            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154572            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154632            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156178            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198006            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198010            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198172            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198180            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198182            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198206            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209296            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209378            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209502            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209562            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209616            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209644            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209792            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209798            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209884            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209914            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210138            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211140            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211146            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211166            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211178            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211190            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211202            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211214            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211230            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211242            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211356            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211426            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211554            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211628            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211712            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211732            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211748            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211756            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211768            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211782            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211790            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211806            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212298            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212326            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212654            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212658            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213254            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213594            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213800            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213844            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213856            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214270            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214692            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215096            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215100            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::217460            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253708            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253790            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::253832            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345972            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345978            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345982            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346022            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346032            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346110            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346128            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346150           64                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346154           64                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346160            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346166            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346184            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346226            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346232            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346236            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            50459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.branches                    314506                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 4456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             51                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          51397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             1396411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               1396424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.592464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.602166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1083539     45.97%     45.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1165791     49.46%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96767      4.11%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6425      0.27%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         4456      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls               25216                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  1371356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        25753                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         21                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           21      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1344711     96.30%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              16      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     96.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          25763      1.84%     98.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25901      1.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total          1396424                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.refs                         51676                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    1396411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      1396424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgErased                  9                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgsLoaded            282305                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgsWritten              109                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu1.config_cache.hit                  2144078                       # Number of hits
system.cpu1.config_cache.hitRatio            0.721539                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu1.config_cache.misses                827458                       # Number of misses
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.903114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.903114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        25916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13098.410295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13098.410295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12477.652370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12477.652370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data        21953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          21953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     51909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data         1748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     27638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.085468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         2215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        44000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        44000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        38000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        38000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        16000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        12000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        25903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 10992.318611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10992.318611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  7808.909631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7808.909631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    263310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.924758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.924758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        23954                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23954                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    184056000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184056000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.909933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        23570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        51819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 11291.292044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11291.292044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  8209.967035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8209.967035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data        23902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           23902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    315219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    315219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.538741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.538741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        27917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         27917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    211694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    211694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.497597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        25785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        51819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 11291.292044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11291.292044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  8209.967035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8209.967035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data        23902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          23902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    315219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    315219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.538741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        27917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        27917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data         2132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    211694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.497597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        25785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.221024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          230583                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    99.476640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.097145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.097145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           230583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           99.476640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              51490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         37018000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                 2950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                25076                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              288686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts               1599265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                  757546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  1596427                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                 50470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                25055                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                   75                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation          607                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.002424                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal         1046                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.004111                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples       250464                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     0.317443                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     0.959330                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0       225105     89.88%     89.88% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1            8      0.00%     89.88% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2            1      0.00%     89.88% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3        23625      9.43%     99.31% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4            2      0.00%     99.31% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5         1723      0.69%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total       250464                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu      1005352                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch        89898                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load        25306                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store        25511                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses         3989                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.015677                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted       250464                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext       243082                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.970527                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully       243343                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec      1146067                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec              868                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.003466                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.slower             6514                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.026008                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg         254453                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss            2                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples          243950                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           2.134451                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.421961                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                    33      0.01%      0.01% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                222880     91.36%     91.38% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                 21028      8.62%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     4      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             5      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.250000                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value      4.666667                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::total            243950                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples       509721                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     2.065177                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.991436                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0          305      0.06%      0.06% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1       227183     44.57%     44.63% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2        28036      5.50%     50.13% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3       247448     48.55%     98.68% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4         6680      1.31%     99.99% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5           69      0.01%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            5                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total       509721                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples       243950                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean     3.530732                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev     4.458042                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       221273     90.70%     90.70% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19        21179      8.68%     99.39% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29          273      0.11%     99.50% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39         1202      0.49%     99.99% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49            5      0.00%     99.99% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            9      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            7      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            1      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            1      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value          106                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total       243950                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation          439                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.067393                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples         6514                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.074609                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     0.266261                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10         6514    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            5                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total         6514                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles       854322                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                     315378                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                   628734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1649342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                       1675274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles       239301                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 151086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.118673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf        282305                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu1.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation        50169                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles            682582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            288624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.630388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples           2646769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.632959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.504137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                  999140     37.75%     37.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1620908     61.24%     98.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                   26054      0.98%     99.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                     388      0.01%     99.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     279      0.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total             2646769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully       232136                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       628734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       628734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87208.494208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87208.494208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88506.382979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88506.382979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       628475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         628475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     22587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     20799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       628734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       628734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87208.494208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87208.494208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88506.382979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88506.382979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst       628475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          628475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     22587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     20799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       628734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       628734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87208.494208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87208.494208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88506.382979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88506.382979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst       628475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         628475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     22587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     20799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                    32                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2675.361702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         2515171                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   182.587789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.713234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2515171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          182.587789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             628710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         36997000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          10760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               50507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                  314687                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.535181                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                       76946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     51005                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                     20                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                26008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                38                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               51052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            1447821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                25941                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            25380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              1422260                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  425                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 50470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25129                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25505                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         25002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                    39402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      1422107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.836455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                    32958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.535124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       1422122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                 1712137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                1056583                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.525455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.525455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               31      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1370565     94.68%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   19      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               26000      1.80%     96.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              51013      3.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               1447640                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         24                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000017                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     24    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               1447621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           5542050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1422095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          1499207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   1447758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  1447640                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 63                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          51397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                1                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2646769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.546946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.523573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1231098     46.51%     46.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1386453     52.38%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              26595      1.00%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               2495      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                128      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        2646769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.544732                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples       243950                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     12.733072                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev     5.354684                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11        195098     79.97%     79.97% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15        24391     10.00%     89.97% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19           48      0.02%     89.99% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23         1706      0.70%     90.69% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27        21089      8.64%     99.34% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31            2      0.00%     99.34% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32               2      0.00%     99.34% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows         1614      0.66%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            9                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value          179                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total       243950                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads               32                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores              10                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               26008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              51052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     10                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.numCycles                         2657529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       36968                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                    706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              1056085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                  832901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                    6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups              1838793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               1548790                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            1157707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  1521141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                  1208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                 50470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                 1245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  101622                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups         1838781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          1005                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                24                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                      257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            24                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                     3800213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                    2946131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            172                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS      3106233                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu1mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams           509721                       # system.cpu1.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            92.288378                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                 303231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups              328569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect            75366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted           303912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups          25275                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses           25275                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                 329301                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25110                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.bt.discartedCfgs                     7435                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu2.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu2.bt.endSpeculation                      44                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu2.bt.endUnknownInst                      43                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu2.bt.insts::samples                      62                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::mean                  21.435484                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::stdev                 12.109637                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::4                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::5                             1      1.61%      1.61% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::6                             0      0.00%      1.61% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::7                             1      1.61%      3.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::8                             1      1.61%      4.84% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::9                             2      3.23%      8.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::10                            6      9.68%     17.74% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::11                            7     11.29%     29.03% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::12                            1      1.61%     30.65% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::13                            1      1.61%     32.26% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::14                            1      1.61%     33.87% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::15                            0      0.00%     33.87% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::16                            4      6.45%     40.32% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::17                            3      4.84%     45.16% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::18                            5      8.06%     53.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::19                            2      3.23%     56.45% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::20                            0      0.00%     56.45% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::21                            2      3.23%     59.68% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::22                            2      3.23%     62.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::23                            1      1.61%     64.52% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::24                            2      3.23%     67.74% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::25                            1      1.61%     69.35% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::26                            1      1.61%     70.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::27                            0      0.00%     70.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::28                            1      1.61%     72.58% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::29                            2      3.23%     75.81% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::30                            2      3.23%     79.03% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::31                            2      3.23%     82.26% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::32                            0      0.00%     82.26% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::overflows                    11     17.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::min_value                     5                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::max_value                    67                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::total                        62                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::samples                        62                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::mean                     2.615932                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.819656                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::1                              13     20.97%     20.97% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::2                              30     48.39%     69.35% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::3                              11     17.74%     87.10% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::4                               8     12.90%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::min_value                1.428571                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::max_value                4.500000                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::total                          62                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.commit.amos                             6                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.number             238                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples       328744                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean     4.466196                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     1.735063                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4        75369     22.93%     22.93% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       253336     77.06%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14           27      0.01%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19            3      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24            4      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29            5      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::total       328744                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks       328744                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples       328744                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66850            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66936            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66972        24999                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66974        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66998        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67004       228205                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67016        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70546            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70602            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70606            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70610            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70640            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70686            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70920            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79192            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79202            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79224            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79234            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96976            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100922            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107832            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107946            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110480            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110492            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111528            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111548            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111612            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111622            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111644            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111662            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111682            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111692            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111700            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111712            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111714           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111718           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111728            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111748            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111754            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111762            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111776            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111840            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111860            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112306            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113682            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145526            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145538            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145648            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145660            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145730            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145736           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145752            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146856            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146866            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146874            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146878           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146886           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146888           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146896            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146976            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146984            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146986            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146996            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146998            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147012            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147024            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147038            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147052            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147054            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147068            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147086            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149528            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149560            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149574            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151248            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151262            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154410            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154540            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154572            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154632            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156178            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198006            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198010            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198172            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198180            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198182            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198206            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209296            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209384            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209502            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209562            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209616            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209644            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209798            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209884            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209914            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209978            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210138            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211140            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211146            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211166            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211178            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211190            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211202            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211214            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211230            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211242            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211356            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211426            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211554            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211614            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211628            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211712            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211716            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211732            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211748            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211756            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211768            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211782            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211790            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211806            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212298            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212326            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212654            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212658            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213594            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213598            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213628            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213656            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213800            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213844            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213856            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214154            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215096            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215100            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::217460            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346022            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346110            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346172            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346184            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346226            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346232            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346236            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            50326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.branches                    328743                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 3495                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             22                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          51011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             1468229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps               1468236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2454559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.593122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1106190     45.07%     45.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1241896     50.60%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96574      3.93%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6404      0.26%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3495      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2454559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls               25144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                  1443200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        25419                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          8                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            8      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1417476     96.54%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              23      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     96.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          25425      1.73%     98.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25292      1.72%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total          1468236                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.refs                         50729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1468229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1468236                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgErased                  8                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgsLoaded            241526                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgsWritten               61                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu2.config_cache.hit                  2253567                       # Number of hits
system.cpu2.config_cache.hitRatio            0.875957                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu2.config_cache.misses                319125                       # Number of misses
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.797583                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.797583                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        25567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 11996.608401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11996.608401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 10963.737201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10963.737201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data        21734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          21734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data     45983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.149920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.149920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data         1489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data     25699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.091681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              2                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        32000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        32000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        25302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  9455.225127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9455.225127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  7300.021659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7300.021659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    218774999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    218774999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.914473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.914473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        23138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    168521000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168521000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.912378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        23085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        50869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        50869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  9816.395351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9816.395351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  7637.736443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7637.736443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data        23898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           23898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    264757999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    264757999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.530205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.530205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        26971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         26971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    194220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.499892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        25429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        50869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        50869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  9816.395351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9816.395351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  7637.736443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7637.736443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data        23898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          23898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    264757999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264757999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.530205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.530205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        26971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        26971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    194220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.499892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        25429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.149866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          227065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data    44.030219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.042998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.042998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.044922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           227065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           44.030219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              50610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         39510000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                 1026                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                25042                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              303276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts               1670193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                  784912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  1668631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                 50333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                25023                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation         3544                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.019653                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal         3555                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.019297                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples       180328                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     1.767912                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     1.083617                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1       106470     59.04%     59.04% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2        32139     17.82%     76.86% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3        21106     11.70%     88.57% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4        18327     10.16%     98.73% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5         2286      1.27%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            1                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total       180328                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu      1082498                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch       326590                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load        25157                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store        25104                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses         3893                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.021132                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted       180328                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext       176782                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.980336                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully       176231                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec      1459349                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec             2993                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.016598                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.slower              553                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.003067                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg         184221                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss            1                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples          179775                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           2.018037                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.586322                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                106469     59.22%     59.22% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                 52182     29.03%     88.25% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                 21115     11.75%     99.99% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     2      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             7      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.428571                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value      4.333333                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::total            179775                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples       702360                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.982617                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     1.021154                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0           92      0.01%      0.01% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1       330418     47.04%     47.06% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2        95125     13.54%     60.60% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3       235100     33.47%     94.07% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4        41582      5.92%     99.99% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5           43      0.01%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            5                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total       702360                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples       179775                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean     6.487610                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev     6.700910                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       134855     75.01%     75.01% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19        27599     15.35%     90.37% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29        15923      8.86%     99.22% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39         1391      0.77%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49            5      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            2      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value           68                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total       179775                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation           11                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.019892                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples          553                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     2.801085                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     0.470352                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10          553    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            4                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total          553                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles      1164761                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                     329301                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                   657725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      1719187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       1745738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles       133309                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 150746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.124770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf        241526                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu2.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation        50106                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles            710345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches            303231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.661449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples           2638215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.661717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.494755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                  919225     34.84%     34.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1692892     64.17%     99.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                   25621      0.97%     99.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                     289      0.01%     99.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     188      0.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total             2638215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully       191420                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       657725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       657725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst        35000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 33524.822695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33524.822695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       657573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         657573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      5320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      4727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       657725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       657725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst        35000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 33524.822695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33524.822695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst       657573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          657573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      5320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      4727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       657725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       657725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst        35000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 33524.822695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33524.822695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst       657573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         657573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      5320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      4727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                     7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4664.638298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2631041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   111.859788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.436952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.436952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.523438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2631041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          111.859788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             657714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         39489000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1048                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               50357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                  328870                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.566021                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                       75935                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     50358                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                     14                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                25603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                20                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               50400                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            1519247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                25577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            25258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts              1493878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 50333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   21                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25090                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         24998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                    37201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                      1493751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.850918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                    31655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.565973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                       1493758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                 1797677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                1114657                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.556303                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.556303                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               14      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1443115     95.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   27      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     95.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               25604      1.69%     96.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              50364      3.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total               1519136                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         24                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     24    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses               1519134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           5676487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1493739                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          1570246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                   1519217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                  1519136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 30                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          51011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2638215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.575820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.518341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1149090     43.56%     43.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1461261     55.39%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              25779      0.98%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               2023      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 62      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        2638215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.575591                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples       179775                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     17.773395                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev     8.757860                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15       109620     60.98%     60.98% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19        24025     13.36%     74.34% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23         4857      2.70%     77.04% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27        21190     11.79%     88.83% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31           13      0.01%     88.84% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32               0      0.00%     88.84% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows        20070     11.16%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value           12                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value           87                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total       179775                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                7                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               25603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              50400                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                      6                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.numCycles                         2639263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  2                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean        15775000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     15775000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     15775000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2678722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     15775000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       55234                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                     46                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps              1114246                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                  860135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups              1923773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts               1619871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands            1215350                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  1593411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                    58                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                 50333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                   61                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  101104                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups         1923761                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles           920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                14                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                       30                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            15                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                     3970246                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                    3088840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                             91                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS      3195212                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu2mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams           702360                       # system.cpu2.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            92.641162                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                 319033                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups              344375                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect            75372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted           319727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups          25277                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses           25277                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                 345120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25111                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.bt.discartedCfgs                   253309                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu3.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu3.bt.endSpeculation                      48                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu3.bt.endUnknownInst                      42                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu3.bt.insts::samples                      69                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::mean                  20.768116                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::stdev                 12.073482                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::4                             2      2.90%      2.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::5                             2      2.90%      5.80% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::6                             0      0.00%      5.80% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::7                             2      2.90%      8.70% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::8                             2      2.90%     11.59% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::9                             1      1.45%     13.04% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::10                            5      7.25%     20.29% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::11                            7     10.14%     30.43% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::12                            0      0.00%     30.43% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::13                            1      1.45%     31.88% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::14                            1      1.45%     33.33% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::15                            1      1.45%     34.78% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::16                            4      5.80%     40.58% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::17                            3      4.35%     44.93% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::18                            5      7.25%     52.17% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::19                            4      5.80%     57.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::20                            0      0.00%     57.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::21                            1      1.45%     59.42% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::22                            3      4.35%     63.77% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::23                            1      1.45%     65.22% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::24                            2      2.90%     68.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::25                            1      1.45%     69.57% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::26                            2      2.90%     72.46% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::27                            1      1.45%     73.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::28                            1      1.45%     75.36% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::29                            2      2.90%     78.26% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::30                            2      2.90%     81.16% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::31                            2      2.90%     84.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::32                            0      0.00%     84.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::overflows                    11     15.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::max_value                    67                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::total                        69                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::samples                        69                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::mean                     2.594864                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.811518                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::1                              13     18.84%     18.84% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::2                              39     56.52%     75.36% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::3                               9     13.04%     88.41% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::4                               7     10.14%     98.55% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::5                               1      1.45%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::min_value                1.333333                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::max_value                       5                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::total                          69                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.commit.amos                             5                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.number             238                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples       344546                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean     4.490663                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     1.698457                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4        75369     21.87%     21.87% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       269139     78.11%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14           26      0.01%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19            3      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24            4      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29            5      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::total       344546                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks       344546                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples       344546                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66850            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66936            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66972        24999                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66974        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66998        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67004       244007                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67016        25000                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70546            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70602            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70606            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70610            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70640            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70686            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70920            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79192            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79202            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79224            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79234            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::79236            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83424            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::96976            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::97086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100922            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107832            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107946            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::107980            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110480            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110492            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::110548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111528            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111548            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111612            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111622            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111644            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111662            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111682            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111692            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111700            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111712            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111714           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111718           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111728            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111748            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111754            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111762            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111776            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111840            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::111860            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112306            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::112324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113682            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::113802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145526            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145538            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145648            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145660            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145730            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145736           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::145752            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146856            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146866            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146874            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146878           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146886           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146888           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146896            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146976            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146984            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146986            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146996            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146998            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147012            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147024            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147038            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147052            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147054            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147068            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::147086            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149528            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149560            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149574            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151248            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::151262            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154410            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154540            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154572            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154632            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156178            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198006            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198010            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198172            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198180            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198182            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::198206            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209296            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209384            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209502            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209562            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209616            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209644            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209798            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209884            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209914            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::209978            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::210138            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211140            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211146            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211166            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211178            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211190            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211202            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211214            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211230            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211242            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211356            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211426            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211554            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211614            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211628            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211712            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211716            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211732            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211748            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211756            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211768            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211782            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211790            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::211806            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212298            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212326            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212654            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212658            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::212664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213594            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213598            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213628            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213656            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213800            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213844            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::213856            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214154            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::214454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215096            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::215100            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::217460            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::345940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346022            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346110            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346172            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346184            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346226            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346232            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346236            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::346278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            50331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.branches                    344545                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                  127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             20                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          51049                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts             1547235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps               1547241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2565203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.603165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1118922     43.62%     43.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1345700     52.46%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100329      3.91%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          125      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          127      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2565203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls               25145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                  1522205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        25419                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          7                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            7      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1496483     96.72%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              23      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          25424      1.64%     98.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25292      1.63%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total          1547241                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         50728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1547235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1547241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgErased                 15                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgsLoaded            301522                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgsWritten               69                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu3.config_cache.hit                  2480740                       # Number of hits
system.cpu3.config_cache.hitRatio            0.760554                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu3.config_cache.misses                781015                       # Number of misses
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.702275                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.702275                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        25572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 52255.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52255.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 54848.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54848.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data        25529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          25529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      2247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      1810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              2                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        25302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 80612.487500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80612.487500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 79346.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79346.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data        25222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      6448999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6448999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      2063000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        50874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        50874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 70699.178862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70699.178862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 65644.067797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65644.067797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data        50751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           50751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      8695999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8695999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.002418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      3873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        50874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        50874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 70699.178862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70699.178862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 65644.067797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65644.067797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data        50751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          50751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      8695999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8695999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.002418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      3873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           59                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           861.372881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          203599                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data    47.053249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.045950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.045898                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               59                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           203599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           47.053249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              50821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         41683000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                 1034                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                25043                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved              319079                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts               1749244                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                  816511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                  1747672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                 50338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                25021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation         1475                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.005335                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal         1485                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.005371                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples       276471                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     0.260837                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     0.832667                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0       247041     89.36%     89.36% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1            3      0.00%     89.36% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2        25005      9.04%     98.40% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3            2      0.00%     98.40% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4            5      0.00%     98.40% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5         4415      1.60%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total       276471                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu      1149357                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch        69221                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load        25155                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store          106                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses            0                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate            0                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted       276471                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext       276446                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.999910                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully       274985                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec      1243839                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec               14                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.000051                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.slower               11                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.000040                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg         276471                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss            1                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples          276460                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           2.093812                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.194236                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                     2      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                276440     99.99%     99.99% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                     9      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     2      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             7      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.428571                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value      4.333333                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::total            276460                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples       589705                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     2.079126                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.990164                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0           92      0.02%      0.02% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1       258748     43.88%     43.89% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2        33795      5.73%     49.62% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3       288596     48.94%     98.56% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4         8425      1.43%     99.99% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5           49      0.01%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            5                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total       589705                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples       276460                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean     2.788100                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev     3.096761                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       272641     98.62%     98.62% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19          500      0.18%     98.80% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29         1472      0.53%     99.33% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39         1841      0.67%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49            6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value           45                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total       276460                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation           10                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.909091                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples           11                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.363636                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     0.924416                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10           11    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            4                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total           11                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles       770783                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                     345120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                   689346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                      1798778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                       1824820                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        17301                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                 150758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.131034                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf        301522                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu3.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation         3423                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles            741401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches            319033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.692842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples           2632860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.693099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.483434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                  834809     31.71%     31.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1771936     67.30%     99.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                   25638      0.97%     99.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                     287      0.01%     99.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                     190      0.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total             2632860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully       298099                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst       689346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       689346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 27314.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27314.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst        26000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst       689190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         689190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      4261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      3744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst       689346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       689346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 27314.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27314.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst        26000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst       689190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          689190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      4261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      3744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst       689346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       689346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 27314.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27314.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst        26000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst       689190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         689190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      4261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      3744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                     8                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4787.041667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         2757528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   112.733857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.440367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.440367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.531250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2757528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          112.733857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             689334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         41662000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.idleCycles                            960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               50363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                  344680                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    0.597202                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                       75946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     50363                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                     18                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                25609                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                19                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               50402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            1598290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                25583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            25258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts              1572922                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 50338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   15                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         24998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                    25896                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                      1572793                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.995598                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                    25782                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      0.597153                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                       1572801                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                 1892527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                1177886                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.587449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.587449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               13      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1522150     95.24%     95.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     95.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   27      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     95.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               25609      1.60%     96.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              50369      3.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total               1598180                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         24                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000015                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     24    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses               1598179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           5829220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1572781                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          1649327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                   1598262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                  1598180                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 28                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          51049                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2632860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.607013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.508488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1060666     40.29%     40.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1546504     58.74%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              25456      0.97%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                172      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 62      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        2632860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          0.606792                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples       276460                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     12.005089                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev     4.131936                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11        200749     72.61%     72.61% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15        71634     25.91%     98.53% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19          258      0.09%     98.62% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23            3      0.00%     98.62% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27          220      0.08%     98.70% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31            5      0.00%     98.70% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32               0      0.00%     98.70% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows         3591      1.30%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            9                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value           67                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total       276460                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                7                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               25609                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              50402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                      6                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.numCycles                         2633820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  2                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean        19045000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     19045000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     19045000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2675452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     19045000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       60677                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                     57                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps              1177450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                  891733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups              2018630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts               1698922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands            1278590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                  1672451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                    56                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                 50338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                   60                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                  101140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups         2018618                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles           920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                14                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                       32                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            15                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                     4163301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                    3246935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                             90                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS      3318927                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu3mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams           589705                       # system.cpu3.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   56930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        15424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                   104448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             56619450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1347999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy              787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              706998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            72603344                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy              423000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy            72891206                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy              432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy              180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                     2983744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              53346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.990946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.171698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      904      1.69%      1.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    52147     97.75%     99.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      169      0.32%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      126      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                53346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7625                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        45059                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          53588                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops                0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                             50002                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6485                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           242                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              5326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             5333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              41526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             41526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             971                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           5516                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          451                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst          141                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          971                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 107317.647059                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 112103.030303                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 173714.285714                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109767.578125                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87376.470588                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92103.030303                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 153714.285714                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89806.640625                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          111                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst           70                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          134                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           459                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36488000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     18497000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      1216000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     56201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.753880                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.702128                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.049645                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.527291                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          340                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          512                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29708000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     15197000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      1076000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45981000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.753880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.702128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.049645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          340                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 110860.927152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109038.961039                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 97833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 108833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109303.030303                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90860.927152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89038.961039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 77833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 88833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89303.030303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     16740000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      8396000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      1761000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      1959000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28856000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13720000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      6856000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      1401000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      1599000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23576000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112533.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 152157.894737                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 458666.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       626000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       141000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92533.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132157.894737                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 438666.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       606000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       121000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data      8440000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      2891000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      1376000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      1252000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     13959000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.730769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.630573                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data      6940000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      2511000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      1316000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      1212000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.730769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         1188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data          762                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1188                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data          762                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1951                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total          188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total          188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst          451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst          235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst          141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            1392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 107317.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111415.929204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 112103.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 117572.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 173714.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 149380.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       160550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113161.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87376.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91415.929204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92103.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97572.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 153714.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129380.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       140550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data             15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst             70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data              7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data             18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data             18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36488000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     25180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     18497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     11287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      1216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      3137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      3211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     99016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.753880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.702128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.932039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.049645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.526316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.628592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total               875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     20660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     15197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      9367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      1076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      2717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      2811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.753880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.702128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.932039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.049645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.526316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst          451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data          241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst          235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst          141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst          144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           1392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 107317.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111415.929204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 112103.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 117572.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 173714.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 149380.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       160550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113161.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87376.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91415.929204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92103.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97572.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 153714.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129380.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       140550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data            15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst            70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data             7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data            18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data            18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     25180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     18497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     11287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      1216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      3137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      3211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     99016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.753880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.702128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.932039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.049645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.526316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.628592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           96                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total              875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     20660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     15197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      9367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      1076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      2717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      2811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.753880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.702128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.932039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.049645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.526316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.040046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               29130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   296.424957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   208.627258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   138.929091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    82.810935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     5.943860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data    18.762575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data    17.674821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.072369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.050934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.033918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.020218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.001451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.004581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.004315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.187786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.213379                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                29130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              769.173496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   3531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3082734.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 41945.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       339.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples       226.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       165.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples        96.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples         7.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      23195.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst      8051967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      3919099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       166265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12137330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           8051967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data           5367978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           3919099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data           2280203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            166265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data            498794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data            475042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20759348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          8051967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data          5367978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          3919099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data          2280203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           166265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data           498794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data           475042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20759348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     268.610837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.985629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.426451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            71     34.98%     34.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255           47     23.15%     58.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           27     13.30%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           24     11.82%     83.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      8.37%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            1      0.49%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      1.97%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.99%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      4.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   55936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    55936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        21696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        10560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          21696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          14464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data           6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data           1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data           1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               55936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          339                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data          226                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          165                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data           96                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst            7                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data           21                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data           20                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     36311.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     40032.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     40745.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     46247.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst    102285.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     78083.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     89262.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        21696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data        14464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        10560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data         6144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst          448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data         1344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 8051966.656485421583                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 5367977.770990281366                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 3919098.815103523899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 2280202.946969322860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 166264.798216513125                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 498794.394649539376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 475042.280618608929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     12309750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data      9047250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst      6723000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data      4439750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst       716000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data      1639750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data      1785250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 1730                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data             226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data              96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data              21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data              20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                  874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000001100750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                      547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                        874                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                    874                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                          874                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       667                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     4370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     2694310000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 36660750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      20273250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy               7867140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                    992460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy         33348420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             254.041329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        641000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF        3640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    2582572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     20511500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       13994000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     73138500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy                394560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                    516120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy          7876800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                  3991260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          8604960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy         620921880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy               684513600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            2676082750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy               5184150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                    485520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy         31145940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             252.502799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       1390000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF        3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    2588132750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     24984500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        8307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     68302250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy                655680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    254265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy          9594240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                  2249100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          7990320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy         622808820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy               680368035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            2677519250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        55936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   55936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            4617750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4256    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          4256                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                             3382                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           610                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2694497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.scheduler.requestFail::0                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestFail::1                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestFail::2                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestFail::3                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::0                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::1                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::2                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::3                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.totalRequest                       0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::0              0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::1              0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::2              0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::3              0                       # Number total of request for PE

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
